Add version pinning note (#15)
pavelzw/skill-forge: recipes/conda-forge/SKILL.md

Fix any linting errors and re-lint.

For `noarch: python` recipes, do not pin Python by writing only a bare version number. Use conda-forge's expected pins:

- `host` section: `python ${{ python_min }}.*`
- `run` section: `python >=${{ python_min }}`
- Tests (`tests[].python.python_version` or `tests[].requirements.run`): `python_version: ${{ python_min }}.*` or `python ${{ python_min }}.*`

> - If a newer Python minimum is required than conda-forge's default (3.10), override `python_min` at the top of the recipe (for v1 recipes, use `context`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a newer Python minimum is required than conda-forge's default (3.10), override `python_min` at the top of the recipe in the `context` section
```
